This file will attempt to explain how terrain_analyzer.PathAnalyzer.find_available_moves() works.
It attempts to find methods to move from platform A to platform B.

Some basic forms of movement methods:
1. drop
If platform A is located higher than platform B and have an overlapping portion on the x axis, it is possible to drop
from A to B.

-------------------   A


        |-----------|---------    B

2. jmpr, jmpl
Simple. You can get to another platform by simply jumping from an end of platform to another platform
Currently, it's a very hacky solution because it measures the euclidean distance between the ends of 2 platforms and
if the distance is within a certain threshold, it's deemed jumpable
     A
------

     B
     -----
Distance between point A and B is less than threshold? Jumpable

3. dbljmp_max, dbljmp_half
Pretty much the opposite of drop, if the departing platform is on top of another one, and y distance is within threshold
the it can be reached. dbljmp_half is pretty much half the jump height of dbljmp_max

Proposed Movement optimization techniques:
1. Lookahead-Jumps
 Suppose there are 3 platforms A, B, C in the respective form:

 A---------+

          B-----------+

                     C-----------

 If a path was planned A->B->C, normal jumpr would resort to jumping from the "+" at A, landing somewhere in the middle
of B, move and Jump from "+" in B.
 However, if we are at platform A, and we have information that the next destination from B is C, movement can be
optimized, resulting in smoother and faster movement.
 Since we do not have to be at the exact end of a platform to perform a downwards-right jump, we can resort to
glide-jumping earlier and land near the middle of the platform, since glide jump can "glode" over some of its platform.
 An attack command would be issued at the middle of each platform, which reduces the time needed to move to an optimal
spot to attack, and can move to the next platform from the exact position where the attack was done.



